The personnel direction of Acme Publishing Company suggests the company require all emploees to take the Easy Read course so as to improve productivity. However, the directior must answer the following questions to strengthen his claim. 

One graduate of the course was able to read a 500-page report in just two hours. However, *what is the content of the report?* Not every report is hard to read. For example, if it is a report full of charts or pictures, then anyone with a bachelor degree could read the book within an hour. Even if the report is a difficult one, *we still have to ask did he fully understand the content of the report?* If he cound understand most of the content, then the course may help employees to increase productivity. But if he only scanned through the pages before claiming that he read the report, this case can never be solid proof of the value of the course. 

Another graduate of the course was promoted to vice president of a company in less than a year. *However, what is the size of the company?* If the company is as large one, and the number of executive positions is small, the promotion may be a proof of her talents. But if the company only has five employees, the CEO may promote everone to vice presidents of the company so as to boost morale. 

Granted that two graduate can read faster than before and the speed reading skills did help them increase productivity at work, *what about the other graduates of the course?* The two graduates could be special cases. Perhaps these two graduates are just way smarter than everyone else, whereas most of the other graduates of the course fail to utilize the complicated speed reading skills after the class. The author should at least tell us what percentage of the graduates have increased their reading speed in the past few years. 

The author concludes that all employees should take the course. However, *do all employees in the company need to read books or report at work?* The course may be cheap, but asking security guards and janitors to take it makes no sense because their work needs little reading. The company could just ask the managers to go to the class, as they are more likely to read reports from their subordinates. A survey must be conducted throughout the company asking employees how much reading they have to do during workdays. 

The author needs to answer the above questions to strengthen his or her arguments. 